# Techpoint Data Science Report
This was a tech challenge created to showcase the data science applicants to the prestigous Techpoint Externship. It was developed in an airport on the way to Disney World in approximately 5 hours. However, the implementation resulted in an offer from the externship program. I decided to pursue other options.
# The Assumptions
The first assumption I made is that the coordinates on the map were 1:1 with miles. Meaning that the start position was approximately 20 miles from the nearest scooter. The second assumption I made is that the van could instantaneously suck in the scooters and put them into charge or else that the 50 miles per hour included average load time. I also assumed there are no roads and that I could drive wherever I wanted, specifically a straight route from point to point. Lastly I assume the van has infinite power and capacity.
# The Approach
I used a clustering approach built into Scikit. I allowed the automatic clustering to determine the groups. The van would go back and forth collecting all scooters that need charged from the northeast corner to the southwest corner. It would then move from that corner to the nearest northeast corner of a cluster that had not been searched. I plotted the scooter placement and found that there are 18 clusters of scooters. This helped inform the clustering counts. In a real life implementation, I would have dropped off the scooters the moment they were fully charged. The van in my program recorded when they were picked up and could easily calculate when they needed to be dropped off. Since most of the time was spent in the clusters, this would have resulted in a fairly ideal distribution.
# The Results
The trip takes just shy of 15 hours. This result could possibly cut down by a more efficient pick up pattern within the clusters. More testing would have to be done though. However, a search algorithm (such as A*) would be more compuationally demanding. 
